I can't catch more than three thousand a month.
Isn't this a coincidence?
Ma! Relatively common, right?
Brother, I really have no money.
I collect it and earn dozens in a day.
There is also food and rent.
How can I pay for a job without money?
I don't care how much money you have.
Just give it to you.
Mom, there is a saying: remember to drive the car every day!
Use! This is a small iron ticket. Who are you?
Okay, no guest, such a wife. Sorry, Tian'e.
How could you, a promiscuous person, find such a beautiful girlfriend?
I just like collecting rags. What's wrong? Is there a way?
It's not like you don't have money, right?
get your girlfriend
Sleep with me
One hundred at a time and three thousand a month are not enough.
I'll follow suit and get married.
Wife, you have no money to marry her
Nothing, no house
You take her home as your wife
You should lie to you
she can't afford it
What else do you want to do? Let me tell you.
give it to me
What do you think of your good cousin?
Don't go crazy, I'll wash the food
I'll mention it to you
Do you still want to treat me urgently?
That would kill me
Why don't you cut the water today?